In a windowless cell, a woman looks up
the vent and whistles. Shortly after that,
a stream of marbles flee out. They build up
a pyramid outside the cell and blast it open.
The woman seems to pleased with the result.
She then breaks out from the prison.
What happens next? This is Movie Shortens. Follow
us through a movie titled: Aeon Flux. Be aware:
There are spoilers. Now, let’s begin!
Aeon Flux lives in the year 2415, centuries after
the plague that killed 90% of humanity in 2011.
Only five million people survive in a utopian city
called Bregna, led by Trevor. Each one is a clone
from DNA that has been recycled for generations.
In the Trevor dynasty, people disappear never to
be seen again with no explanations. The Monicans
is founded as a secret rebel organisation
and Aeon is one of their warriors.
The Monicans communicate by a telepathy
device in the shape of a pill.
Their leader is Handler. Aeon is given a mission
to destroy one of Trevor’s surveillance stations.
At night, Aeon quickly defeats the guards one by
one. She enters the control center pool where she
finds most of the citizen’s daily activities are
monitored, even the conversation between her and
the sister, Una earlier. Aeon drops a device that
will blind the Trevor's observation. Then Aeon
goes back up the rope and gets out of there.
Meanwhile, Una is preparing dinner for Aeon. As
she hears a knock on the door, a gun points
and someone triggers it. On the way home,
Aeon learns that the government has killed
Una, thinking her as a Monican. Una’s husband,
Claudius, is also arrested. Aeon becomes more
and more angry at the Bregna’s government.
One year later, Aeon receives a call
from Handler. She tells Aeon that ​​it
is the right time for the elimination of Trevor
Goodchild, who Aeon blames for her sister's death.
Handler implants a map on Aeon’s arm, showing her
the way to find and kill Trevor at the government
zone called Citadel. A moment later, Sithandra,
who has two hands where her feet would be,
appears to join Aeon in the mission.
At the frontier garden, Aeon and Sith
rapidly avoid the poisonous plant weapons. On
the next challenge, Sith gets hurt in her hands
due to the sharp grass. Aeon manages to avoid it
with help from Sith. Aeon enters the zone by the
air ventilator door while Sith watches outside.
Aeon then activates the map and throws something
against the wall when she’s in the pipe.
Meanwhile, Trevor and his brother Oren are
in a tense meeting with other Bregna’s
heads. Oren shouts at a guy named Giroux,
and Trevor has to calm him down. Later, the
two brothers meet again outside. Trevor tells
Oren that he has to stay level-headed.
Oren reluctantly agrees to do so.
Back with Aeon, she moves to the theatre where
Trevor is currently working on his speech.
She appears and holds her gun on him. Trevor
stares at her for a moment and then asks,
"Catherine? It’s you!". Before things
can progress, she gets knocked out.
When Aeon wakes up, she finds herself in a while
cell. One of the walls becomes transparent,
Trevor appears. Aeon asks why Trevor called
her that name. Trevor just says he’ll not let
her go and leaves after that. Aeon recalls some
random memories when Trevor seems very close to,
but still she couldn’t define what it is.
A moment later, some water and food are served
in the cell. Aeon tilts her head back,
revealing a black eye that can inspect
objects. She notices something in the water and
decides to take a little of it to exam later.
She then whistles into the vent above her, causing
the items she was throwing down earlier to flee.
Outside her cell, the marbles
build a pyramid and blast it open.
Aeon escapes out of the cell and decides
to carry on the mission differently.
Sith calls her and confronts why Trevor is still
alive. Handler is displeased at the mission. Aeon
tells Sith that there is something more about
Trevor and she’ll find out in the meantime.
Meanwhile, Oren and a woman review Aeon’s
breakout earlier. It turns out Oren has a
connection to the Monicans. He secretly used
the Monicans to get rid of his brother so he
could take control over the dynasty. However, the
two can’t understand why Aeon let him live.
Somewhere else, Aeon meets Claudius again. She
asked him why he worked for his girlfriend's
killer. Claudius reveals that Trevor is actually
working on a project to help people in Bregna.
Although he hates the fact that Una got killed
due to Aeon, he still helps her to examine the
water from the cell. Claudius tells her she has
a message and only by drinking it she’ll know.
After drinking it, Aeon realizes it’s
Trevor and he wants her to come back.
Somehow, the water shows her the way to Trevor’s
quarters. He tells her that there is a connection
between the two of them, and that they knew each
other before. In a moment of weakness, the two
kiss and it leads to a longer passionate night.
The following day, Aeon gets up in Trevor’s bed.
She quickly gets dressed up and notices his ring
on the floor. As she picks it up, a staircase in
the floor opens. Aeon goes down and finds herself
in Trevor's secret library. There are pictures of
his ancestors over generations. When she touches
one of the starfish-shaped objects, it moves and
wraps itself around her. Next, she finds herself
in a lab. She checks around and sees a picture of
her with long hair. Suddenly, Aeon encounters
Freya, one of Trevor’s chief security guards.
The two fight, and Aeon manages to escape from
a door before Freya shoots needles at her. Freya
rushes to inform Trevor that she tried to kill
Aeon but failed, Trevor seems pissed at her.
Elsewhere, Oren and other heads watch Aeon and
Trevor have fun and decide Trevor is a betrayal.
Oren becomes the new chairman. His very first
order is to kill and eliminate Trevor and Aeon.
At night, Sith shows up and confronts
Aeon for failing their mission.
Sith considers Aeon’s action against the
Monicans. Aeon tells Sith that they must be
wrong about Trevor and the organization is hiding
something. Sith seems to reluctantly disagree but
later she fights with Aeon. Aeon eventually
wins. Sith is tied up and Aeon leaves her
under a pool with a breathing straw. Sith manages
to inform Handler that Aeon betrayed the Monicans.
The new mission is to find and eliminate Aeon.
After that, Aeon finds the way to approach the
floating Ralical, an airship that stores all the
DNA samples. She gets to meet Keeper, a hologram
older man. He welcomes her back and leaves after.
Aeon looks for Una on the system and learns that
Una has successfully been reborn as Sasha Pirillo.
Aeon asks the address of Sasha then. Later,
Keeper also lets Trevor know where Aeon heads
to. He learns that Oren commanded to kill Una.
At that time, Aeon finds Sasha and
realizes the baby has Una’s eyes.
Trevor suddenly appears behind her and explains
that his ongoing experiments were attempts to
reverse the infertility. Una is a part of the
test in search of the cure. After examining her,
Una became one of Trevor's most successful
experiments as she is naturally pregnant with
no scientific help. However, Oren ordered to kill
her as he believes the natural fertility would be
a danger to the dynasty. Oren wants to be immortal
and maintains the power in Bregna. Elsewhere,
Cladius gets killed by Oren for helping Aeon.
He never regrets for being a part of Trevor’s
experiment and for the future of humankind.
Back to Aeon, she gives Sasha back to her parents.
A bombing device is dropped from the ceiling and
explodes the house. Then a group of Bregna forces
attack the two of them. As Trevor gets shot, Aeon
rushes in to back up him. They eventually flee
into a subway. However, the guards open fire into
their car which injures a lot of people inside.
A moment later, the train is forced to
stop. The two immediately break out.
Inside a secret pipe, Aeon helps Trevor to take
the bullets out. Then she puts some skin patches
on him to help them heal. They understand that
there is nowhere safe now in Bregna. Trevor tells
her that they need to get to his lab and find the
notes for Una's test group. That would be the set
with a cure inside. They return to the labs and
sneak into a security room at the top of a tower.
Trevor uses his influence to persuade
the commander of the guards. Trevor and
Aeon make it to "borrow" some weapons.
On the way, Aeon asks Trevor the truth about
her and the photo in the lab. Trevor reveals Aeon
used to be his wife Katherine. He still keeps her
in memory over the clone generations. As entering
the lab, Trevor realizes his lad was burnt down.
All the notes were destroyed and Freya got
killed. Trevor tells Aeon to leave this kingdom
and get out of the wall. They probably find the
chance to live out there. However, Aeon decides
to get rid of the Radical. She aims to finish the
recycled DNA in Bregna. To Aeon, it's maybe better
without a cure, and people are meant to die.
Right at that time, Oren storms in with his armed
force. In other directions, Sith and her team
decide to snipe at Aeon and Trevor. While Trevor
and Oren are talking, Aeon can spot Sith from a
distance. She attempts to contact Sith and tell
her the truth of everything. Sith is convinced
and changes her mind. She shoots at Oren instead,
and orders her team to cover Trevor and Aeon. The
two take this chance to escape from the security.
However, Trevor gets shot. Aeon tries to
steal the weapons from the guards. Meanwhile,
some of Sith’s buddies get killed while trying
to help Aeon. Sith and Aeon both open fire at the
remaining guards around. Unfortunately, Oren fires
his weapon to Sith, blowing her off the tower.
Next, Oren targets Aeon, but Trevor pushes him
away. The new chairman ends up getting killed
by Aeon. Trevor retrieves his dynasty.
Meanwhile, Aeon has one last mission to do.
She sets the bombs and finally destroys the
Radical. The airship hits the wall, revealing
the whole outside world after centuries.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like this,
and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel. Thanks for
watching!